add totalProducts prop (#445)
vtex-apps/search-result: docs/README.md

| `filtersTitleHtmlTag` | `string` | HTML tag for the filter's title. | `h5` |
| `scrollToTop` | `enum` | Scrolls the page to the top (`auto` or `smooth`) or not (`none`) when selecting a facet. | `none` |
| `truncateFilters` | `boolean` | Whether a filter selector with more than 10 filter options should shorten the list and display a `See more` button (`true`) or not (`false`). | `false` |

> | `totalProductsOnMobile` | `Enum` | Whether the total number of products will be visible on mobile (`"show"`) or not (`"hide"`). | `"hide"` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `totalProductsOnMobile` | `enum` | Whether the Filter Navigator should display the total number of products on mobile devices  (`show`) or not (`hide`). | `hide` |
```
